# SIMM61-LabReports
This repository consists of R codes for **one individual research paper** and **four lab reports**.

**LR1-Logitics Regression**: builds a statistical model that best predicts the survival probability of Sue and Kate separately with or without having Leonardo with them during the Titanic incident. The task was adapted from the Titanic Challenge on Kaggle(https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic/overview).  
**LR2-Mixed Linear Model**: the mixed effect model was used to estimate the postoperative pain after wisdom extraction. Age, sex, The State Trait Anxiety Inventory(STAI), pain catastrophizing(pain_cat), dispositional mindfulness(mindfulness), serum cortisol(cortis- ol_serum) and hospitals are predictors; the level of postoperative pain(pain) is the outcome variable.  
**LR3-Dimension Reduction**:this lab report explores the underlying factor structure of the Animal Rights Scale(ARS), which is used in an online survey with 154 individuals(Wuensch et al., 2002) Exploratory Factor Analysis(EFA) is used to determine the underlying factors of the ARS.  
**LR4-Structural Equation Modelling**:it assesses the fit of a theoretical factor structure of a mental ability test battery and relationships between different test scores and the dataset is from Holzinger and Swineford (1939).   
**Individual Research Paper**: *How does the Political Interest Affect Individuals’ Support for Government Surveillance in China?* This study aims to look at citizens’ attitudes towards government surveillance acts in China. The goal is to explore how political interest influences citizens’ support for government surveillance. This article uses data from the World Value Survey Wave 7(2017-2020) and adopts bivariate and multiple regression analysis to examine the focal relationship between the independent variable (political interest) and the dependent variable (support for government surveillance). The hypothesis proposed by this study is “The political positively affects attitudes towards government surveillance.”
